
SYSTEMC MODELING LIBRARY (SCML)
SOURCE CODE LICENSE 

PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SYNOPSYS LICENSED SOFTWARE
("LICENSED SOFTWARE"). BY USING THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE 
BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS 
LICENSE, DO NOT USE THE LICENSED SOFTWARE.

THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") IS BETWEEN THE PERSON OR ENTITY
USING THE LICENSED SOFTWARE ("Licensee") AND SYNOPSYS, INC. ("Synopsys").


1. GRANT OF LICENSE.  Synopsys grants Licensee a non-exclusive, royalty-free,
worldwide license to (i) use and install the SystemC Modeling Library Source 
Code ("Software"), (ii) modify or create derivative works from the Software, 
(iii) copy or reproduce the Software internally at Licensee, and (iv) distribute
the Software to third-parties, but only in object or binary code and only as
integrated in a Design. For the purposes of this Agreement, a "Design" shall
mean a representation (functional model) of an electronic system, derived or
created by Licensee through the use of the Software in its various formats. 

2. TITLE AND OWNERSHIP.  Except for the rights and licenses expressly granted to
Licensee in this Agreement, no other rights or licenses (express or implied)
are granted to Licensee hereunder. Synopsys retains all right, title, ownership
and interest in and to the Software, all intellectual property rights embodied
therein, and all copies, modifications, revisions, upgrades and updates of any
of the Software created by Synopsys. To the extent a Licensee develops, in
accordance with the license grants set forth in this Agreement, a derivative
work (as such is defined in the U.S. Copyright Act) of the Software , the
Licensee will own the Design and that portion of the derivative work that it
developed, but subject to Synopsys' rights in the Software as delivered to
Licensee. Licensee shall not remove or alter any copyright, trademark, trade
name or other proprietary notices, legends, symbols or labels appearing on or in
copies of the Software and shall reproduce any such notices in all copies or
reproductions of the Software. 

3. PROHIBITED USES.  The Software may not be used for the development of
integrated circuits for applications, the failure of which could cause 
catastrophic damage, such as aviation navigation or control systems; critical 
medical devices or patient life support systems; military or weapons systems; 
critical industrial process control systems such as those for producing nuclear 
energy; or any ultra hazardous application without Synopsys' prior written 
approval. Licensee shall not remove or alter any copyright, trademark, trade 
name or other proprietary notices, legends, symbols or labels appearing on or 
in copies of the Software and shall reproduce any such notices on all copies, 
in whatever form, made by Licensee. 

4. TERMINATION.  This Agreement is effective until terminated. Synopsys may, at
its discretion and without notice, terminate this Agreement if Licensee fails
to comply with any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. In such event,
Licensee must destroy all copies of the Software. Upon termination of this
Agreement, the licenses and rights granted hereunder to the Software shall
terminate. 

5. SUPPORT.  Synopsys has no obligation under this Agreement to correct any 
bugs, defects or errors in the Software or to otherwise support or maintain the
Software. 

6. NO WARRANTY.  THE SOFTWARE IS BEING SUPPLIED "AS-IS". SYNOPSYS MAKES NO
WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, REGARDING THE SOFTWARE, ANY
SOFTWARE USE OR IMPLEMENTATION AND THE RESULTS OF SUCH USE OR IMPLEMENTATION,
THE DESIGN AND MANUFACTURE OF SYSTEM CHIPS BY LICENSEE, OR OTHERWISE IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS LICENSE. 

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  SYNOPSYS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE FOR ANY
INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR
NATURE ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS ASSERTED ON THE 
BASIS OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), OR 
OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SYNOPSYS HAS BEEN ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SYNOPSYS' TOTAL LIABILITY UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY LICENSEE FOR THE SOFTWARE UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT. LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES SHALL BE LIMITED AND EXCLUDED AS SET FORTH 
HEREIN, EVEN IF ANY EXCLUSIVE REMEDY PROVIDED FOR IN THIS AGREEMENT FAILS OF ITS
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 

8. GENERAL PROVISIONS.  Neither this Agreement nor any interest therein or part 
thereof shall be transferable or assignable by the Licensee, by operation of law 
or otherwise, without Synopsys' prior written consent. This Agreement contains 
the entire agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and merges and supersedes all prior oral and written 
Licenses, understandings and representations. No addition or modification to this 
Agreement is valid unless made in writing and signed by both parties hereto. This 
Agreement shall be governed by and enforced in accordance with the laws of the 
State of California and controlling U.S. federal law. No choice of law rules of 
any jurisdiction will apply. The parties hereto consent to the personal and 
exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in 
Santa Clara County, California. 

